months and we're joined right now by
silent silent for you calling from the
Florida Tampa Florida okay what
microphone are you using because it
sounds sounds like yeah no it really bad
Milo and rub if I'm on like a super
backup Mike okay well no worries we
gonna hear you Oh Tampa Florida so what
do you got for us um well like a stole
my heartache but I think that go Fox is
good fourth this split and if nothing
too major happens they can get even
higher maybe in the summer okay so why
aren't you concerned that da Rock will
ruin the team because that's what
everybody is I think that while
emotional states can definitely like
turn a team in from a good team to a bad
team I don't think that it if you're
winning and that changes your mentality
then if you're losing you know like if
you have a team of five players and
they're all very emotional and you guys
lose games and you guys lose games and
gobs you got a clash and have tears in
the team but I think if you have one
player who's you know been shown to be
emotional and I don't know what other
words want used to describe him that as
long as like Cooney is you know doing
his thing up in the top lane and your
bot Lane is doing there
you know what did last year you know
making fourth place I think that they
can like keep you know a high enough
skill level that he's happy I guess mark
is echo fox the top three team
I wouldn't say top three because there's
always the other foot but what I will
say is I think I I and some other people
underrated just how like good their
skills ceiling is as much as logo hates
that term like we need to remember that
in terms of like game slash Series in
the regular season
Huna has lost three times in a year like
this guy's no fucking joke he's probably
the best player in na LCS I would
actually say that I think yeah I think
right now probably right so like I think
if you factor that they have the number
one player in the league a mid laner who
never really had problems going toe to
toe with anyone it was more like macro
and stuff like that
a very like a pretty good
botlane not great like but like you know
middle-of-the-pack like that's that's a
pretty good roster and like the jar talk
is obviously when he's on dialects of
god and when he's not he looks he
doesn't look great so like that the when
these guys are working out they like are
gonna be at any one league i think so
that's pretty scary to say that they're
like not gonna finish that highly yeah i
think that like when Travis's interview
with Rick Fox like he seemed super
invested and you know like channeling
all of his resources and like sports
knowledge and lot kind of stuff into
maintaining like a good atmosphere you
know cuz I'm sure that when he pitted
when he was talking to people who
decided who to pick they told him about
dark issues so I heard it what did you
happen to see on the show now what I
actually it's good content people's to
see this silent you know I walk home
with her but yeah did you know did you
see the one with Jared Jeffries who's
the president of echo Fox
oh no that will do one no it came out
the day after thanks a lot oh the point
is well so you know I with all due
respect to Rick I do think that Jared
Jeffries who is also a former pro
athlete is probably more the sense I got
is that he's actually more involved in
building these teams now specifically
League of Legends went over the break
and so that interview was more about
building the roster how they came to it
I'd recommend if people are interested
in learning more about that echovox
roster to check it out because I think
he gave some really good answers one of
the things that he said was that because
I brought up the question of do you are
you concerned about this and he said you
know the thing that I talked when I
talked to everybody about these players
they all said that the issues were
in-game not out of game and as long as
these guys are good people
I am confident we can work through the
in-game issues which is a fair argument
to make right is that if Kelly's Kelly's
uh he seems to get much breaking point
yeah well so a question is say the
breaking point 1v9
yeah in between series or in between
matches in a playoff series
so you can say whatever you want about
Doc's like emotional our ability to
control those emotions but I don't think
I've ever heard anyone myself included
say he's a bad kid like yeah but that
doesn't make it that doesn't necessarily
mean that you create of an environment
for a team that's winning atmosphere
just saying Travis's point about like as
long as they're all good people which
you know may be emotion I would have
maintained that darks a good kid yeah
and so I think if okay if you are Jared
Jeffries because the other I think I
titled it and every with the quota of
you know none of these guys are gonna be
worse than what I've seen in the NBA and
yeah and so if you are somebody oh you
found that in every site yeah maybe not
yeah
anyway if you if you are one of the if
you were this guy and you've seen all
this you've experienced all this in the
NBA and you were confident that you can
work through issues related to
personality stuff related to the game
Dhar talks a pretty good risk for you to
take and no offense to TL but I don't
think TL in 2016 was a really good
environment for somebody who has issues
in game to like it better like I just
don't think Steve and loco and all those
guys were really able to make like Steve
was in the middle of raising selling his
company essentially Loco I don't think
has had developed and we'll see this
year maybe it's changed but had
developed into the mature type of person
that could solve this kind of stuff I I
don't know it it's given me after that
interview series make kind of change the
perspective that I had an echo Fox and I
wasn't surprised to see them do well
this weekend and I am it would not be
surprised to see them continue to do
well I have a lot of faith in their
ability to work through issues so we'll
see I think that them in liquid are they
ours my opinion the two team doesn't
take straight-up upgraded like I mean
yeah I feel like every single role was a
straight-up upgrade like the recipe one
of the new for teams because there's no
real like take over from there last year
yeah yeah one thing that I saw that
actually super impressed me is the clips
that they had
from some of their games where you hear
like the in-game comms like Doc's
communication in their in-game comms
like setting up and then playing through
fights it's not just feeding information
the the direction that he's providing
and calling and stuff in these fights
was like super impressive to me I was
like damn yes guy I would like to play
with this guy this would be fun you know
it may sound kind of I know not true I
think that the breaking point was made
to be dramatic you know I mean the
Aussie it's true that side definitely
happened I think that they obviously
made it seem like you know it's not like
pain he was a bad guy but way more you
know worth in the actually I don't think
you'd like I mean remember this was a
guy that split it were cost like three
different teams last year yeah three
year deal and talked about how great it
was gonna be and he was gone by the end
of that split so based off the fact that
they didn't even include some of the
worst stuff that I like I know yeah
Marky Mark seen the director's cut and
it's gruesome you can't publish it on
YouTube I mean like some of it wasn't
shot because like they didn't have the
cameras around for you know so like
trust me when I say because the cameras
were broke
cuz Darnell rampage you know what's
super Sayle the force of it just like
broke the camera lens yeah silent thank
you for the call and and Mark before you
go I want to pull you into another
conversation but thanks so much silent
in a minute I was slient I've been
mispronouncing your name oh I don't want
to I think the one Craig you should
already correct Travis don't worry yeah
no I I do when you dead my but you hear
me tonight assumed a slience thank you
yeah
[Music]
mark clarify real quick the the point
about not putting the worst stuff in is
not specifically about dar doc it's just
like the overall team atmosphere there
were things that were not put in there
that or Audino fit that foot it was it
what do you know mark I'm sorry Texan me
what happened nothing I'm not gonna show
you I just know that just like everyone
I'm not gonna say what happened he knows
possible
they didn't make everyone look as bad as
they possibly could have is what I'd say
all right everybody just from here on
out we all know so anxious there's
there's footage missing from breaking
point
yeah I don't know if there's footage I
just said like I was friends with a lot
of people and Lord the full story hasn't
been told maybe we will get some more
courageous filmmakers that will go back
and tell the truth what was the other
thing you want to talk about um hooni
you you because I think people will
freak out if we gloss over that so you
think Cooney is the best player in North
America I'll see us right now I thought
more about it
thank you made that statement no no I
mean I thought more about echo Fox's
ranking and I was like who's better like
Carey than honey like legitimately
Jensen Twitter baby yeah yeah Jensen I
think it's close ap Erickson's close but
I feel like week one hooni had the most
impact of any player if you've heard of
a little boy I like to call Peter ping
yep I mean all of t/l played super well
like who he buried solo in that game
likes Dorian Fame flame was like yeah he
was like the all-pro 1st or 2nd team
last split he shit on him for daring to
blind pick GP against yeah so like you
need to remember like I think I kind of
like went to like Unni and Korea with my
mind set on him his time in Europe and
his time in North America was like
unprecedented amin n't and if he's gonna
bring that back this year like that's
scary yeah
all right well we're I'm excited to see
how this develops what do you think that
do you think Cooney will stay the best
over the course of the split I don't
think he has the best team and so I
think you'll you'll see people
outperform him you know it's sometimes
and I wouldn't be confident saying that
who needs my favorite for MVP right now
but I think you can make a case that
he's the best player in the NLCS yeah a
lot of teams are gonna start game
planning for him if they happen already
now I mean you heard you heard fly West
in one of their interviews be like we
didn't take pic dance seriously enough
first echo fox and they spend a lot more
time in their second game yeah this is
why I'm pretty bullish on echo fox i you
know i didn't arguably everybody has
been they just sight the concerns or
whatever but people also forget that all
taken adrian were a huge component and
digs run last year of
looking pretty strong so but he was on a
mower excuse me Adrian was on the
Immortals with hooni that yeah shit on
everybody no Annie isn't I ate I'm
getting the next guest all right